In the Google car project,
the project has not driven more than I guess
two million miles and I was responsible for a good chunk of those.
It's quite amazing what kind of you encounter,
really strange things when you drive a million miles.
I challenge everybody to drive a million miles and write down what stuff happens.
But what you find is that you find people driving the wrong way on the highway.
You have a situation where a car right in
front of us did a 360 in a highway luckily nothing happened.
We had an instance where
we had to break for a person running on the street in front of us.
In fact at some point we went through all the data and looked at instances of
extremely strong deceleration of braking and
very often it was just the person running a red light in front of us.
We actually have to admit I mean people
are worried about safety of the car getting into accidents.
Being able to effectively get in to
zero accidents and after that it was a minor fender bender.
For a car that's driven as far as you,
I think quite an accomplishment to be honest given how bad some people drive.